Oh hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Things A Fish, a weekly podcast coming
to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden. My name's Anna, I'm here today with Andy,
James and fellow QIL Alice Campbell Davies, and once again, we've gathered around the mics
with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here
we go, starting with you, Alice. So my fact is humans should be able to sense magnetic
fields, should be, should be. So there's been a little bit of research into this, not that
much actually, but we have Cryptochrome in our retinal cells, which is what's responsible
for pigeons, migration and that kind of thing. And we also have Magnetite in our brains,
which is a magnetic nanoparticle, which helps direct other animals like bacteria.
So why the disappointing lack, why can't I say where I live from here? Well Andy, can
you point south from here? Yes I can actually. But only because you know where the river is.
I know where the river is. Well they have actually done some studies
on this. There's a really controversial study from the 1980s done by a guy called Robin
Baker, where he took a bunch of students out on a minibus, drove them on a really security
route all around Manchester, and then blindfolded them and told them to point to home. A bunch
of them that didn't have Magnetite strapped to their heads could point home and a bunch of
them with Magnetite strapped to their heads couldn't, which suggests that magnetic fields
were interrupting their ability to point home. But then no one else has managed to replicate
this study. No, in fact it's been disproven multiple times. But he has replicated the
study. So in a sense, maybe all of these people lived in that massive tower on Deensgate
in Manchester, which you can see from pretty much the whole setting. I think they were blindfolded
on the journey, weren't they? Yeah, I'm not sure if they were blindfolded on the way home.
That might have... It takes it too far. It's an amazing beginning for a horror story though,
where you have to put on a blindfold and get on the professor's bus and then it goes away
and you don't know where you're going. I thought, I mean, I would have assumed that there
was a really exciting surprise awaiting me, like a head and parcel, you know, a big champagne
picnic if I was blindfolded and put on a bus. If I was just strapped to a magnet and told
the point at something. Would you not think you were being kidnapped maybe? By my professor.
I don't know, I had perfectly normal professors. What normal professors who take you on head parties?
So there were two people who tried to replicate this called Max Westby and Karen Partridge,
and they were at the University of Sheffield, and they were unable to do it, and they quite
sniffly said, "Maybe it depends which side of the penine hills you're on. That's an academic
slam in a half." It is, but I think maybe people from Yorkshire just aren't as good.
Um, it's ironic considering that a Partridge, a real Partridge, probably would be able to sense
which side of the penines it was on. That's irony for you, right there. There are a lot of different
kinds of manner, and sometimes actually weak jokes can just qualify as irony.
Are you being particularly appropriate because they use iron to sense where they're going?
No, that's ironic. It's still not ironic. So some humans are magnetic, and they can literally
pick things up. I can literally pick things up. With my hands. I can't, that's why I always have to
ask you to do it for me. You can pour that coffee into my mouth. Do you mean they can just hold
their hand hovering over a magnet, and the magnet will fly towards the hand? They are people who've
had magnetic implants in their fingertips. Wouldn't that get very problematic, though, you know,
opening a fridge or something? Yeah. You can just be stuck to the fridge the whole time.
Absolutely. Well, unfortunately, you buy the fridge, so you're right.
So these implants are quite weak. You wouldn't actually stick to your fridge, but people are
getting them biohackers, and there's a lot of interviews with these people saying they really
don't regret it. They think it's fantastic, because you're finally able to pick up tiny metal
objects and determine whether metals are ferrous, which is something that we've always wanted to be
able to do. And you can feel electric fields if you have one of these little implants. So if you go
near a microwave, then your finger starts vibrating. I think I also can tell when I'm near a microwave.
You have visual clues, don't you? It's true. It's only useful if you're worried about being
near a microwave, and you have hidden microwaves in this environment. Or if you don't know if it's a
prop microwave, like if your house is also a film set, and so it is a useful implant to get.
Unfortunately, it has to be done by like a tattoo artist or something, so you can't get an
anesthetic to have it done, and it is relatively painful, according to one of the people who's got
it done. They put a massive syringe in your finger, and then they fire a magnet into it.
What? Is it in the finger tip? Yeah. Or is it? They could put it anywhere in your body, I guess.
No, James. I'm just saying they could. I'm not saying they would.
If you're suggesting a word of which, my magical penis tells me where the microwave is.
Like a pointer.
It would be like dalsing for water, wouldn't it?
Dalsing for microwaves. Imagine being near a branch of curries.
There are people who claim to be magnetic, but who aren't really?
Yeah. You know, you see pitches off them online, and they've got spoons attached to them.
Yes, like circus performery type tricks. Well, often it's just people, and they get into like the
local tabloids, don't they? Yeah. Because they're magnetic, but they never are. Like a lot of the
skeptics kind of go there and try them out, and it turns out a lot of people are leaning back in the
pictures, and if they lean forwards, the spoons would just fall off. Also, if you got kind of greasy
skin, then it will stick to the kind of sebum in your skin, so that everyone's kind of sticky in a
way. So not only are you a liar, but you're kind of a greasy, sweaty liar.
Yeah. James Randi, the famous skeptic from Australia, he would douse people in telecompowder,
and suddenly they would not be magnetic anymore. But surely you could just disprove it by
putting a magnet next to them and proving it didn't stick. Yeah, although they would be able to
make it stick. How sweaty are these people that random fridge magnets?
So I've got a little pen here, and I can kind of stick it on my head if I kind of lean back a
little bit. Yeah, we do need to get aircon in this room, don't you say?
I'm remembering that humans have magnets in their nose that maybe we once used to navigate,
so they found magnetite in our esnoid bone in our nose. Not sure. And so there's lots of speculation
about the fact that we might have been able to use this at some point to navigate, isn't there?
Yeah, I think the theory about there being magnetic stuff in the nose was disproven by a guy
called Joe Kirschwink, or something I can't pronounce his surname, a Caltech, who is the biggest
critic of Baker's work, and he has just I had an experience last year where he set up a big Faraday
cage and a Caltech basement to block out other magnetic waves of sorts and put people in it,
and then subjected them to magnetic fields from different directions. And he has actually shown
that when you have magnetic waves coming from one direction, there is a massive change in your
EEG spec, so your brain waves, so it does show that there is something in your brain that is responding
to the direction of magnetic fields you're exposed to, which is really interesting. Does it have any
effect on not your thoughts, but is it? It's not mind control, Andy. It's not mind control,
but I'm just trying to work out how that could have been useful. I think in the past, when we were
maybe migrating over larger distances, it was something we could have relied on, but now we don't
really need it. So maybe in the past we could sense magnetism. Perhaps, yeah. We'll also the
cryptochromes we have in our eyes, because they're in our eyes, which is the same as with birds and
other animals, suggests that at one point we did use it to see magnetic fields. Okay, and basically
what we're saying is loads of animals can see magnetic fields and can sense magnetic fields,
but we just can't, right? Yeah, maybe. Do you know which animal has some magnetite in its tongue?
It's a little mollus, isn't it? It is, it's a mollusk. Mollusks have magnetite-capped teeth,
but when I say teeth, their tongue is made of teeth. Radula. Radula, exactly. Yeah, yeah. So they can do that,
and this is very cool. There are some bacteria which contain magnetite in them,
and a bake at the scientists we're talking about. I see the him or someone else. There is a theory
that the very earliest bacteria were magnetic, but get this. Some bacteria are aligned towards the
north pole, and some bacteria in the southern hemisphere are aligned towards the south pole.
Do you know what I found about bacteria actually looking this up, which I think is quite cool,
is that one of the things is when bacteria multiply, then they split in half, and they keep spreading
in half, and when they're magnetic, that's really hard to do. And the reason is that normally the
way they do that is by belt tightening. So literally when a bacteria splits in half, it just tightens.
They spend a bit less money that month or? Yeah, absolutely. They just cut down
until a bit of them starve to death, and it falls off. No, they literally around their middle,
they squeeze their membranes, tighter and tighter and tighter, until it just kind of chops them in half.
Oh, that's terrible, because if a bacteria family thinks, "Oh, we have too many kids,
we're going to have to tighten our belts," then suddenly they've got twice as many children on the
southern. Another animal that has magnets in it very often. Your children. Possibly also cows.
So cows, there's this problem that they don't actually chew their food. So what are they doing when
they're doing that chewing thing that they do? I think they're chewing their previous meal, aren't they?
They're chewing a meal that they've regurgitated, I think. So first time around, don't chew. And often
there's a little bit of barbed wire or metal or nails in the grass, until they swallow them. They end
up in their stomachs. They usually go to their second stomach, their reticular, and I think it is.
And then that's really bad for them, because it can poke through the stomach lining and damage
them in various ways. And so you tend to have to feed a magnet to a cow. And so this is very common,
a lot of farmers give their cows magnets when they've got what's called hardware disease, which is
literally when they've swallowed a nail. And you just literally feed it to the cow on a little tube,
and it sits in your second stomach, and it will attract all the metallic stuff to it. And then it
stays there for the rest of the cow's life, and it stops. But doesn't it just end up with a cow with
a large lump of metal in it, a large lump of barbed wire and stuff like that? I guess it's not floating
around. Exactly. But if it gets big enough, surely it would sort of form a blockage. I think that
comes a point where that cow deserves to die once it's eaten, you know, a hundred coils of barbed wire
in a row. But the way they check as well that the magnets still in place is they use a compass,
and then they can work out that way, whether there's a magnet in their stomach.
So what we're saying is actually quite a lot of cows are magnetic, and you could stick like children's
drawings on them, like a fridge, right? Yeah, absolutely. God, why don't we try that? And presumably,
if we actually could sense magnetic fields, we'd get incredibly disturbed and disrupted by
large fields of magnetic cows. Yeah, whenever Andy Walt passed a field of cows with his penis magnum,
he immediately arrested. But I'd have a cast iron case. But then you'd be attracted to that cast iron case
as well. Now, on to fact number two, that is my fact, and my fact is that the army has tanks that
carry fold-out bridges for when they meet a river that they can't cross. And I think this is so
cool. I saw this on popular mechanics website this week, which is a great website. And there's been
an exercise that's been done in America, in California, over the Colorado River, where the army's
built a temporary bridge over the Colorado River. And I didn't know that they did this, and this is a
crucial part of being in the army, is that you have to have these, you have to get these tanks,
which don't carry any weapons, they just carry a little foldable river. And then another tank
carries a bridge to go over that foldable river. Yeah, sorry, they carry a foldable tank.
They carry a foldable tank. And inside that tank is another tank. They're actually Russian tanks.
Inside them, they have a foldable bridge, and when they get to a river, then they unfold the bridge,
pops out, and they cross it. So when you cross over the bridge that you've been carrying,
then do you pick it up back up and put it on top of your tank again, or is it there forever?
Um, it's not there forever. It's temporary. So the last vehicle to cross over the bridge is the one
that was carrying the bridge, and that is attached to the bridge. And when it's crossed over itself,
as it were, it rolls itself back up into its body and goes on. It's amazing. It's so cool. And the
US Army has one of these things that can make a bridge in what was it? They were saying 98 seconds.
Yeah. And they can still travel at about 30 miles an hour. It can't.
Well, the bridge. No, yes. No, it can't travel at 30 miles an hour while it's doing it.
But it is awesome. It is. And if you watch, you should watch the video on it because it shows exactly
how they do it. So there are lots of different types. But this one across the Colorado river,
tank goes up to the edge of it, and these folded lumps of bridge kind of spurred out of the tank,
like a projectile. They spur into the water. And then they pop open. It's like one of those blow-up
tent things. It like pops open in the river and then boats hook onto the popped open bits of bridge.
And then they tow them into the right place and they slot together like Lego. And then everyone
slides over it. So wait, they have boats. Why are they not going over on the boats?
Because they need to carry like huge nubs of tanks and like a whole battalion across.
That was a problem with tanks for a long time, wasn't it? They just kept getting stuck in holes.
Yeah. Like in the early days of tanks in World War One, you get loads of pitches of them just stuck
in a trench. Yeah, you do. There was one that was designed so that it could go into a trench,
and then it would spur little spurs. Why is everything sparse at all the time?
Thanks. It's very perfect. Have you heard of Hobart's Funnies?
No. Good. Great. So these were tanks that we used in D-Day. And there was this whole range.
Like a range of super heroes, basically. They're all each had their own special super power.
Everyone's rolling their eyes, but it's true. So there was one called the Swimming Sherman,
right? This was an amphibious tank which could operate in in water and on land.
It had a massive canvas screen all around its middle like a skirt. And it would just inflate
the skirt when it was in water. And that would boil it up enough for it to go with the propeller.
And then as it got out of the water, it would just drop its skirt to the ground and then roll off
onto land. Wow. That's really impressive. It was very cool. Other were loads. There was the crab,
there was the bobbin. So the crab could go sideways. The crab could not go sideways. It was a terrible
crab. I had a massive flail on the end of it. It was used for clearing mines on beaches and things
like that. Oh, like crabs do. Exactly. They're all perfectly named, right? What about the bobbin,
what did that do? The bobbin, well, it was a bit like a bridge one and it's got something on
its front, this massive rig on its front. But instead of a bridge, it's matting. It's like
rush matting. It sort of lays down a path up the beach. So if the ground is too soft or if the sand
is too spongy or something, you just have this one track laying tank which makes a road as it goes.
I couldn't find if they used it. We'll see him say. You wouldn't go to the expense of building it
and not use it. Even in fact, after the invasion was over, you'd probably still say, can we just
use that to see if it works? And the other thing is you don't lose anything by using it. Do you?
Even if there's no sinking sand, at least you've got a nice little path to drive it.
Yeah, he designed the flamethrower one, I think, as well, didn't he? The Churchill crocodile flamethrower.
Yeah, the crocodiles don't throw flamethrower. So he wasn't great at naming things.
You know, that wasn't the focus in the Second World War. No, the flamethrower could fire flamethrowers
100 metres over 100 metres. And it looks incredible. It's like robot wars. It had a genuine
years like a real life robot wars. I can't believe it took so long after this to make robot wars, I think.
You would have thought that the TV commissioners who are watching a Normandy life thing sort of
but the Imperial War Museum has an amazing page all about the various different Hobart's
fanatics and all about the different weird things they could do. It's very cool.
Hey, I read about another bridge. I know one seems to know about it except beach combing,
which is this, like, weird block. But I mean, literally no one else has picked up on this thing
they found, which is in 1850, there's an article that I found it in the English Civil Engineer
and Architects Journal and it states that the Academy of Sciences in France was considering an
idea for a suspension bridge between England and France, so going from Dove to Calais. And the idea
was that it would be four barges, would be sunk at equal distances apart across the channel.
And then they'd have chains going up from the barges to the surface and then the chains would be
fixed to the bridge, which would run from England to France. And then above the bridge would be
these huge balloons. It described them as giant balloons of elliptical form and firmly secured,
which would support in the air the extremity of these chains. And so it would have these balloons
floating in the air, attached to the chains and then also attached to the abutments at the end
of the bridge. That would keep the bridge over the channel. I think I can see why no one else
has picked up on this because it's a pretty stupid idea. Do the balloons have to stay in the air forever?
Yeah, of course they're doing that. There's problem one. Yeah. Why? I think these are these puncture
safe balloons. Entropy, that's a problem. That's what you always say, James. Whenever anyone
proposes any idea, do you want to cap a T-chance? Well, what's the point? All to be cold by the end of the
universe. Okay, moving on to fact number three and that is James's fact. Okay, my fact this week is
that a new law in Oregon has banned the game called Big Engine. There is no evidence anyone has
played Big Engine since the 1950s and no living person appears to know the rules. Sorry, they have
just banned this. Yeah, they banned it this year. Sorry, I didn't think that. I just thought you were
saying that there's this crazy old law that bans again that we don't know about. This year they have
banned it. So this year they had a new gambling rule that came in and they had a whole list of things
you're not allowed to play, including things like Chinese chuk-a-lok and Wheel of Fortune,
Shemin Defeh, I don't know what that is, Pankwing Quay, Red Dog, AC Juicy and one of them is this thing which
is called Big Engine and as far as we can see no one has ever played this in the last 50 years
and I found this in an article on Williamette Week which seems to be a local newspaper in America
and they have a column called Doctor No and he looked into it and he couldn't find any evidence
of it either. Well, I mean it's good to take the precaution, isn't it? Exactly, so he says quite
rightly in this column, if they did decide to get rid of it then it's just going to set up a load
of Big Engine kind of card games in the whole state and everyone will just start gambling on it,
won't they? That's actually a loophole. Oh, it'll be a loophole, but we don't know the rules.
Yeah, but they could just make them up. Well, can't you just make up another game and play for money
on that? Yeah, that's true. Actually, it does say any other gambling based game is banned, so I don't
even know why they did that whole list. Why did they include Shemin Defeh, for example. But do you
remember at school when you weren't allowed to play British Bulldog anymore, you would just give it
another name and play it? I don't remember that. No, we always do that. We were always allowed to
play it. Did you ask a bit out of hand? Oh, yeah, it's very violent game British Bulldog. Yeah,
I think they like us to pick each other off sometimes if they keep the numbers down. So where have
they got these game names from? So it appears to be that they were in an old, very, very old law,
maybe in Nevada or something like that, and then they've been picked up by the next law and
picked up by the next law, and they just basically copy paste the rules from another law. Okay. That's
really slag. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I want to bespoke artisan laws crafted by masters. Just for you,
for the state game. Yeah. Do you really want to allow to gamble in libraries until 2005, and we've
just relegalyzed it? Are you really allowed to? We know. We've legalized gambling in libraries. We
sure have. So at 1890, what book is going to go out next or what? You could do whatever you like, James.
That's a really good idea for a bad. Because the odds of you winning are astronomical.
You could have a lottery, frankly, at those odds. Well, you would just go for a popular one,
like 50 Shades of Grey or something, wouldn't you? True. You wouldn't choose the extremely rare book.
If I got better odds, I would. Would you? But then I'd try and game it somehow. It's too
open to corruption, James, because you could just ask your friend to go in and get out, you know,
book about the Meravindrian dynasty or whatever. I think you could clamp down on that kind of thing,
and I'm sure they have now that they've legalized it. You see a lot of armed guards outside libraries
these days, but it was banned in libraries in 1898. And when was it legalized? 2005. You're not
allowed to like put a casino in a library, I think. I don't think if you walked and drunken a
slot machine behind you. It's going to be more like just playing Cribbitch or something, is it?
I think it's just poker, yeah. But if there were more slot machines based on 19th century novels,
I would certainly gamble more. You could have to get all three Bronte sisters in a row. That would
be fun. And would you lose if you got Bramwell? Yes, you would. You lose everything. This is very
niche fantasy. What a niche over there. Fourth Bronte. So on things being banned. Oh, yeah. I was looking
into computer games being banned. And there was a game in Australia called Getting Up, and it was
banned for the reason that it glorified Graffiti. Because it was again involved with Graffiti?
Well, it was. It wasn't that mad at it, does it? But is it a bit like Grand Theft Auto for Graffiti?
Not really. It's a really wholesome Graffiti game. Basically, it's about a youth who
used the street art to take down a corrupt mayor who murdered his father. And then the mayor
launched as an anti-graffiti campaign to try and cover up the fact that he killed his kid's father.
But the authorities thought, oh, this will encourage tagging and Graffiti, so they banned the game.
It's like streetpictionary. They should call Graffiti, you know, that actually, and I think
people wouldn't get so much trouble. Is it Carcamboles? Yes, it's Carcamboles.
South Korea banned video games between midnight and 6am. It's a very short ban.
They woke up and they immediately repented. What are we thinking?
Back to the chamber before anyone finds out that we don't have them.
What was it, midnight to 4am? Midnight to 6am every day. Every day you weren't allowed to play
a video games from midnight to 6am. And it was to combat the video gaming problem,
which is kind of a thing in South Korea because a lot of people are addicted to it. It's called
the shutdown law. And it was under 16, so you couldn't do it because they were staying up all night
and playing. But they've recently, sweetly, they amended it in 2014, and the law can be lifted
as per request of the children's parents. So I guess you call up the government and you say,
my kid's fine, he just needs it to concentrate. It just hasn't finished level 4 yet. He needs to finish it.
So I've got something here about porn star Ron Jeremy. It says that Nintendo bought the rights
to two adult film parodies, Super Horny O Brothers and Super Horny O Brothers 2 in the hopes that they
would never see the light of screen. So they made the movies. And they didn't make the movies.
Well, the movies were made. Yeah. This is where these exist, but they were never really.
Well, I do have the plots of Super Horny O Brothers, and it's shockingly unsexy. I'm not going to
read out the whole thing. But basically it stars Squeegee Hornyo, who's Ron Jeremy and his brother
Hornyo Hornyo, and they're trying to save Princess Polina from King Pooper.
Well, my wife's called Polina. My pet name is Pooper. What was it?
King Pooper. King Pooper. Your love interest is hornyo hornyo.
Oh, hornyo hornyo, yeah. Yeah.
Wow. Also on Nintendo, I learned that Nintendo was very close to releasing an accessory
and game that let players create their own knitting patterns. During its market research period,
all seven of the beta test volunteers died of old age.
Okay, on to the final fact, and that is Andy's facts.
My fact is that African wild dogs have a sneeze-based voting system.
I swear to God. It doesn't sound particularly true, does it?
It doesn't, but researchers from Brown University have looked into this, and so African wild dogs,
they're a kind of dog they live, any guesses? No, in the wild. In Rua, they live in Africa,
Southern Africa, and they live in packs of between about 10 and 40 animals, and there are not
many left. There are only about 1,400 left in the wild. And basically, they have these,
what they call rallies, where they just spend all day sleeping. So, what they, the dogs call rallies?
They, the dogs, they call them, they, the dogs have what they, the researchers call rallies.
Basically, it just means they spend all day sleeping next to each other, but
they get up after a while, and they sort of say, shall we go hunting? And they get up and sneeze,
and if the more sneezes there are, the likelihood is that the pack will go hunting.
Wow. And it's then basically voting to do it. And also, different votes carry different
weight. So, every pack has an alpha pair who are in charge. If those two sneeze, it's much
likelier that the pack will go off hunting than if two junior dogs sneeze. That is so weird.
Yeah. Do they know, have any idea why they do this? To decide whether to go out and sneeze,
yeah, but they're wrong. Yeah, there are other ways of making noise. I guess, it's, yeah,
it's the option to limited when you're a dog. They can't bark, actually, can they? Come
in. Ah, there we go. I don't think so. They can kind of scream.
That would be a very upsetting voting system. I don't know if you went into the voting vote,
if you had to just scream. I always do that. Oh my god, these guys are good. Especially the
recent election. It's been a tough time. I always thought that sneezing was a thing that you
did without doing it on purpose, as in you can't make yourself sneeze, you have to have some kind
of input. I think these guys can. Yeah. Yeah. That would make sense. I guess so. Otherwise, just
like a little bit of pepper goes across the African plates. Yeah. Suddenly they're all
off somewhere. Or never goes across and they all starve to death. Yeah. Where's the pepper, guys?
They're very cool animals. They're amazing. Yeah. So they're, they might be the nicest animals
that I've ever studied. They speak, somebody's not a zebra. They're very altruistic, aren't they?
So the way they operate is that they really care for each other. So for instance,
if a wild dog becomes ill or injured or gets older, the rest of the pack really cares for them and
will sacrifice a lot of food for them. And similarly, if there are a lot of young wild dogs around,
African wild dogs around, then the older members of the pack will bring them food and sacrifice
food for them. And sometimes the older members of the pack will die prematurely because they've
starved themselves in order that younger members can thrive. And they regurgitate meat into each other's
mouths throughout. So some animals do this to their young, they go in. So when they do it, they're
altruistic. And yeah, when I do that, I'm apparently a really creepy boyfriend. Your girlfriend's vegan.
It really is unfair. So they'll go and hunt and then they'll bring back some food in their stomachs
and then they'll vomit it up into their fellow pack members' mouths if the other pack members
were just too lazy to hunt. We have previously mentioned, I think, that Buffalo vote
with a sort of standing up and sitting down system. But loads of animals vote. Go on.
Cockroaches. Do they? How do they vote?
Mostly lived out. At least someone votes for them. At least when the whole of the planet is blown
up by the nuclear war, the lived out will be the... They'll have a majority. Exactly.
No, so they vote by movement. And there was a scientist called Jose Halloy from Brussels
and he did an experiment with robot cockroaches in 2007 and he made robot cockroaches, which would not
what you think of robots with sort of implants in them as they started doing these days. He just made
little machines which could move around. They just lot like cockroaches. No, they didn't even look
like cockroaches. So why are they called robot cockroaches? Because he covered them in paper, which
was infused with robot a pheromone. He covered the paper infused with cockroach pheromones.
So they smelt like cockroaches. Honestly, they look nothing like cockroaches. They're just
little white boxes of wheels. And then so he infiltrated their society and got them to be accepted
by the cockroaches, right? And then he managed to screw the cockroach election by moving all his robot
cockroaches to the wrong place where they were going to build their home and they were all voting
to build their home over here, even though the actual cockroaches are previously considered and
rejected that site. I tell you what, if the Kremlin they're listening to this.
Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thanks so much for listening. If you want to get in touch
with any of us, these guys can be found on Twitter. James is on. At James Harkin. Alice is on. At Alice
Scrambled. Andy is on. At Andrew Hunter M. And you can email podcast@pewry.com to get in touch
with me or you can go to @nosuchthing, which is our group Twitter account or go to nosuchthingsofish.com
where you can put tickets for our tour that's coming up or you can buy our book. Okay, that's all
for this week. We'll see you again next week. Goodbye.